You've made it through the whole course
on Sample based learning methods.
Let's quickly review.
What we've covered.
We talked about two approaches to
learning from sampled experience.
The first was Monte Carlo which averages
returns to estimate the value function.
The second was TD learning which uses the
estimated next day value in his Target.
We saw that TD learns from sample
experience like Monte Carlo but
also bootstraps like dynamic programming.
We showed you how to implement the TD
algorithm to estimate both state value and
action value functions.
We then talked about control
using sarsa expected sarsa, and
q-learning star says
a non-policy algorithm.
It estimates the value of the policy.
It is following q-learning is off policy.
It estimates the value function for
the optimal policy.
Expected start so
I can be used on or off policy
it explicitly calculates the expected
next state value in its update Target.
This expectation can be
conditioned on any policy.
So expect it starts.
It can be used off policy.
We show that Q learning as
a special case of expected sarsa.
In the last module we talked about
planning with model experience.
We introduced the Dyna architecture that
incorporates both planning from model
experience and
learning from environment experience.
We discussed Dinah Q which combines Q
learning and Q planning even experiment.
We saw that Dynamic use planning
updates make it more sample
efficient than Q learning.
Finally, we consider what happens
when the model is inaccurate.
We showed you how Donna Q Plus adds an
exploration bonus in the planning update
to encourage exploration.
This bonus helps Dinah q+ notice changes
in the environment that Dynamic you
would not we hope you've enjoyed learning
about sample based learning methods and
the next course will see how to
combine sample based learning
with function approximation.
We will learn about
generalization a powerful tool to
scale up reinforcement learning and
dramatically improve sample efficiency
many of the concepts you've
learned will transfer but
there will be a few new challenges stick
around to find out how we resolve them.